* Put Option

  A put option is a financial contract that gives the holder (buyer) the right, but not the obligation, 
  to sell an underlying asset at a specified price (called the strike price) before the option's expiration date.
  The creator (writer) of the put option is the one who is obligated to buy the asset if the holder exercises the option.

  In your example, imagine you have a block of gold, and the current price is 100 pounds (St = 100).
  You create a put option with a strike price of 100 pounds. If the value of gold falls to 80 pounds and someone bought your put option,
  that person has the right (but not the obligation) to sell the gold to you at 100 pounds even though the current market price is 80 pounds.
  In this case, the holder of the put option would likely exercise the option and sell the gold to you at the strike price (100 pounds)
  since it is higher than the current market price (80 pounds). As the creator of the put option, you would be obligated to buy
  the gold at the strike price of 100 pounds if the holder exercises the option.


  1. The buyer of the option ; is the /seller/ of the block of gold 
  2. The write of the option ; is the /customer/ of the block gold
  3. The holder of the option i.e The seller of the block of gold /has the right but not the obligation to sell the block of gold./ 
  4. The creator of the option i.e the /customer/ of the block of gold is /obligated to buy/ 



  If the seller of the block of gold, decides to exercise their right to sell the block of gold at the strike price X, the customer /must/ buy the gold 
  But if the seller, decides to say fuck this, then the customer gets jack shit.


* Call 

  1. The holder of the option has the right to buy, but not obligated
  2. the creator /Person with gold./, is obligated to sell the block of gold 
  3. Holder is /Customer of the block of gold/ 

