* Forward Contract and Spot Contracts
   Something that you have made an agreement to buy or sell an asset at a certain future time for a certain price. It can be contrasted with a spot contract. 
** Spot Contract
   Which is an agreement to buy or sell an asset at the current time point. 

** Core information
   - A forward contract is traded in the over the counter market, between two financial institutions or between two clients.
   - Long position : Agreeing to buy the underlying asset with a specified future data and price
   - Short position : agrees to sell the asset on the same data for the same price. 
   - Forward Contracts on foreign exchange are very popular. 
** Payoffs from forward Contracts
   - In general the pay off from a long position, in a forward contract on
     a unit of a asset, is 
   @math
    S_t - K 
   @end
   Where K is the delivery price and S_t is the spot price of the asset at mautrity, these are referenced within the god notes. 
   We have this because the holder of the contract is obligated to buy an asset worth S_t for K. Similarly the pay off from a short pos is the opposite of the above.
   @math
   K - S_t
   @end
   These payoffs can be positive or negative, they are limited . But cost nothing to enter into a forward contract like other contracts. Quick note is that these pay offs can be positive or negative. 
  
   Refer to notes, for the formulations

** Future Contracts
   Like a forward contract, a future contract is an agreement between two parties to buy and sell an asset, but there are heavier conditions that you would need to consider. 

   Unlike a forward contract, future contractrs are normally traded on exchange. To make trading possible, the contracts do not know each other. More information in the god notes.

** Options
   - Options are traded both on exchange and over the counter market. 
   - A call option gives the holder the right to buy the underlying asset by
     a certain data for a certain price
   - A put option gives the holder the right to sell the asset byu a certain
     date for a certain price.  
   - The price in the contract is known as the /strike price/

